com/dashboard/models/User.java
 com.dashboard.models.User
com/dashboard/models/Role.java
 com.dashboard.models.Role
com/dashboard/security/jwt/AuthEntryPointJwt.java
 com.dashboard.security.jwt.AuthEntryPointJwt
com/dashboard/payload/response/MessageResponse.java
 com.dashboard.payload.response.MessageResponse
com/dashboard/security/services/UserDetailsImpl.java
 com.dashboard.security.services.UserDetailsImpl
com/dashboard/payload/request/SignupRequest.java
 com.dashboard.payload.request.SignupRequest
com/dashboard/models/ERole.java
 com.dashboard.models.ERole
com/dashboard/security/jwt/JwtUtils.java
 com.dashboard.security.jwt.JwtUtils
com/dashboard/payload/response/JwtResponse.java
 com.dashboard.payload.response.JwtResponse
com/dashboard/security/jwt/AuthTokenFilter.java
 com.dashboard.security.jwt.AuthTokenFilter
com/dashboard/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.dashboard.repository.UserRepository
com/dashboard/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.dashboard.repository.RoleRepository
com/dashboard/controller/TestController.java
 com.dashboard.controller.TestController
com/dashboard/payload/request/LoginRequest.java
 com.dashboard.payload.request.LoginRequest
com/dashboard/controller/AuthController.java
 com.dashboard.controller.AuthController
com/dashboard/security/services/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 com.dashboard.security.services.UserDetailsServiceImpl
com/dashboard/ServletInitializer.java
 com.dashboard.ServletInitializer
com/dashboard/security/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.dashboard.security.WebSecurityConfig
com/dashboard/Application.java
 com.dashboard.Application
com/dashboard/models/about/Client.java
 com.dashboard.models.about.Client
com/dashboard/controller/ApplicationController.java
 com.dashboard.controller.ApplicationController
com/dashboard/models/Service.java
 com.dashboard.models.Service
com/dashboard/models/widgets/params/Param.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.params.Param
com/dashboard/models/Widget.java
 com.dashboard.models.Widget
com/dashboard/models/services/SocialMediaStatsService.java
 com.dashboard.models.services.SocialMediaStatsService
com/dashboard/models/widgets/TiktokStatsWidget.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.TiktokStatsWidget
com/dashboard/models/widgets/TemperatureWidget.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.TemperatureWidget
com/dashboard/models/widgets/TwitterStatsWidget.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.TwitterStatsWidget
com/dashboard/models/widgets/SocialMediaStatsWidget.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.SocialMediaStatsWidget
com/dashboard/payload/response/AboutResponse.java
 com.dashboard.payload.response.AboutResponse
com/dashboard/models/services/Twitter.java
 com.dashboard.models.services.Twitter
com/dashboard/models/widgets/FacebookStatsWidget.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.FacebookStatsWidget
com/dashboard/models/about/Server.java
 com.dashboard.models.about.Server
com/dashboard/models/services/WeatherService.java
 com.dashboard.models.services.WeatherService
com/dashboard/models/widgets/YoutubeStatsWidget.java
 com.dashboard.models.widgets.YoutubeStatsWidget
